# Chapter 0 Here I come

August 21st 2016, I stepped on the plane to the US, with my mom (relunctantly). As soon as I landed, the international advisor was waiting for us at 2am in the little Rochester airport. He threw our lugages in the back of the van, thrust us into the front of the van, and transported us to the Rochester campus, deftly, but not without hard efforts - his breath was heavy from throwing all those gigantic luggages from China. "It'll only be a little bit now. " He said, voice filled with tiredness and responsibility simultineously. In hindsight, I'm so lucky to have studied there because of this, "it'll only be a little bit now." Everyone is always welcoming and inclusive, even if I'm an awkward international student who's depressed, unmotivated and don't believe that I deserve anything good. A typical young, lost soul. Sometimes I remember that I miss Rochester.

At the time I didn't care. I felt like I was just escaping. Escaping Beijing, high school, my mom, my grandma (I know), everything I've grown used to, and to a new world where I can leave a small mark. This is my chance, because I earned it. They admitted me because I was worth it. My mom didn't "help" me. She wanted to but I made sure she didn't. 

3 years ago, I choose the international campus of the high school associated with my middle school. I'm not kidding when I say that this is the most prestigious high school in China. I was dealing with adolescence too, back then. Everyone is. But mine looks like I'm cold and distant. Another boy was doing it and he's just fine, but mine makes the other girls uncomfortable and they called me condescending when I'm just minding my business. I didn't have friends and my neurodivergent brain didn't like how structured everyday is and decide to regularly stay up late to compensate. I consistently fall asleep in class and failed Physics once. Anyway, even though it was probably a good idea to take a break, I pushed myself harder because I didn't want to feel worthless. First, I learned how to study and briefly increased my GPA. Second, I learned how to talk to people and made a few friends. Third, I took the opportunity that my family travels a lot and made a bunch of travel journals and wrote a heart-felt personal essay that truly reflected who I was. If I were to use gamer talk - I finally leveled up to a half descent 18 years old.

Looking back, I struggled so much mostly because I'm first generation college student. My high school peers probably have both of their parents educated, more civil, can help them navigate life, relationships and study. And I have to learn all of these from ground up by myself. Attaching to the past does no good, so I've moved on. But it was what it was. 


